all penguins need a new coat of feathers
for the winter and that means shedding
the old one and colonies
right around the continent fill with
shed feathers on deception island
chinstrap penguins stand silent and
motionless
only a month ago these steep slopes of
volcanic ash were noisy with the squawks
of 80,000 pairs of them coming and going
and caring for their chicks now the
Penguins have little energy to spare
they can't go to sea with their coats in
this condition so they can't feed
for three weeks they stand fasting
losing half their body weight but at the
end they will have warm water tight
coats and be ready for the icy blasts of
winter
by the end of March most of them have
left and the remainder are on the move
making their way across the emptying
slopes back to the sea
you